v14: update outdated services code examples and remove smidge content (#6029)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/design/stylesheets-javascript.md

You can create various bundles of your site's CSS or JavaScript files in your code that can be rendered later in your views. There can be a single bundle for the entire site, or a common bundle for the files you want to be loaded on every page, as well as page-specific bundles, just by listing your resources in the order you like.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Smidge with RunTimeMinification setting is scheduled for removal on Umbraco 14. You can install the package separately if needed and read the [Smidge](https://github.com/Shazwazza/Smidge) documentation on how to setup settings.

Author: ```suggestion
Smidge with RunTimeMinification setting is scheduled for removal on Umbraco 14. You can install the package separately if needed and read the [Smidge](https://github.com/Shazwazza/Smidge) documentation on how to get started.
```
